...Chicken
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Dip it all in Mashed Potatoes!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Dip it all in Mashed Potatoes!
Dip it all in Mashed Potatoes,
then dip the mashed potato gob of chicken nugget
biscuit in the BBQ Sauce!
MMMMMMmmmmmm!   Yum Yum Gimme!
(Chicken) Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Dip it all in Mashed Potatoes!    MMMMMMmmmmmm!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Nugget
Biscuit
Nugget in a Biscuit!
Dip it all in Mashed Potatoes!   MMMMMMmmmmmm!
Dip it all in Mashed Potatoes,
then dip the mashed potato gob of chicken nugget biscuit in the BBQ Sauce.
MMMMmmm!  Yum Yum Gimme!  *CHOMP*
Hey Audience,
What was my motivation behind nugget in a biscuit artistically?
Nugget in a biscuit was my,
what's the word that means the best thing you've ever
done up to this point in your career?
Magnum Opus!
It was like my Magnum Opus, and I just,
I couldn't wait to unleash this song upon the world.
Because I think the world needed a song about putting nuggets in biscuits
and just dipping that whole thing in mashed potatoes.
The Barbecue  sauce, that was just kinda freestyled into there,
but I don't think it detracted from the points I wanted to make
which was Nugget, Biscuit, Sandwich, Dip it in mashed potatoes.
So I think it was a success artistically.
What's that Steven?  iTunes sales of Nugget in a Biscuit go
to help me replace my computer that died last week?
That's the best cause ever!
Moment of silence...
Done.
Is it already available on iTunes?  It is?
First link in the description? What?
What? He just zoomed me out!
That's hilarious!
Woah, Woah, thats weird.
I'm gonna go get a nugget now cuz i'm kinda hungry,
possibly a biscuit as well,
maybe some mashed potatoes and then dip the first two into the third.
Bless your face, if you sneezed during this video, bless you,
Peace off!